Deprecate `sum_expand` and `hamiltonian_expand` (#6003)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/deprecations.rst

Pending deprecations
--------------------

* The functions ``qml.transforms.sum_expand`` and ``qml.transforms.hamiltonian_expand`` are deprecated.

>   Instead, ``qml.transforms.split_non_commuting`` can be used for an equivalent effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Instead, ``qml.transforms.split_non_commuting`` can be used for equivalent behaviour.
```
